what's up guys acacia 4 here and today
as you can tell by the title I'm doing a
Q&A
during my last video I asked you nice
person questions and because of the Q&A
what else on I've been doing besides
answering the question justice where'd
you buy that dope hoodie well that's a
great question actually because you guys
can click right here to check out my new
kg4 apparel anyways let's get to the
actual question so the first real
question is prove your favorite club -
Arsenal and I swear if you're talking of
Hotspur and I will kill it now I don't
want you to kill yourself but I am a
Tottenham Hotspur fan I'm sorry it's all
you yeah anyways good the neighborhood
what country dealers and I live in the
u.s. are you've got it for a
professional team you should be I
actually have been scouted by a
professional team when I was in club but
I'm going to tell you guys more about
that in a different video in the future
so stay subscribe favorite cleats
probably the adidas F they receive
Hanuman sperm
I'm just kidding Manchester United what
is your 100 meter time I've actually
been wanting to test down 100 meter time
for a while now but I haven't really got
to so I'm going to go to the track and
test it out right now here's the video
Bop
what position you play I actually played
either attacking midfield better
document or left-wing or right-wing what
camera do you use I use duck cannons
ever none defeat all the details of my
equipment are in the description
actually yeah
favorite player let's go what made you
do YouTube I actually don't know a long
time we all I started to make videos
with friends and I kind of enjoyed it so
I just posted them to YouTube for fun
hoping that I'll gain subscribers and
now I'm at 10k thank you guys you guys
gang and what maybe do you do I didn't
really answer the question just to make
videos for with friends and have fun I
guess would you like to make it for play
in college at the moment up I know you
guys might be devastated but I don't
really want to go pro or I might playing
college I'm not really sure right now
but I don't really want to go for at the
moment because it's kind of too late if
I'm trying to go pro if I wanted to go
pro I should be on professional team by
now and that would make it easier to go
pro for more girls in club q or Florida
well actually don't know
thank you books for like around 5 or 4
be probably for the warmth I'm not sure
hi mate I have some good questions for
you what is your favorite freestyle
trick lemons around the world who
inspired you to play football or
freestyle no one really inspired me to
freestyle I just like found it very
interesting like school I guess and who
inspired me to play football probably I
think it was actually true no one is
really particular did but I think with
how many
Oh Oh my YouTube goal anyway probably I
want to hit one obviously like I want to
get big on YouTube and like hit five mil
in the future but that might be a while
so maybe by the end of the year I'm
guessing like fifteen to twenty five
pick that's our focus
what's your favorite thing about YouTube
my favorite thing about YouTube is
probably allowing my video to be shared
around the world and like interacting
with people from all around the world
you want to which I can't do is my one
city very mean shot you have scored so I
support a lot of nice shot you know I
don't know if you're talking about
in-game or like my videos but in game I
actually put a scorpion Kick no lie this
is two months ago I think and I didn't
get it on camera I'm sad when I got on
camera I described my favorite shot gone
on camera in my favorite shot in my
freaking videos it probably is I don't
even notice when I'm gonna show but I've
estates
how are you so amazing at Tetris teach
me your ways I'm afraid I can't teach
you my ways because then everyone does
well to be as good Nina no it's actually
even a question but you know your
Twitter's dead am it actually is kind of
sad anyways go follow me on Twitter at
the kg4 500 actually have 100 followers
I only have like 5 active all over them
but 300 followers I'll hire a giveaway
in the future when did you start
freestyling
I started freestyling many went on a 13
Ronaldo or Messi both are great I don't
want to get into it but I'm just going
to fit my adidas or Nike that's the
question oh and he loves my bits thank
you so much for loving my bit computer
that I keep don't ask that question that
me ever again the adidas everyday of the
week
what is your around the world record I
think it's six I'll probably try to read
it soon but it's six at the moment you
say weird that I found your YouTube
channel before your Instagram that is
weird because I have like 150 km stuff
and like 10k but only 1k watch my videos
not even one Facebook but yeah it is
weird
would you rather have Instagram or
YouTube from Parsa the legend Instagram
Instagram is nice and all like I have a
lot of followers on there but I'd rather
have YouTube because you can make money
off of it and actually make a living off
of it and you did with just a lot nature
because the videos are longer and all
that but I look into this you can
would you rather have me to judge this
is another question for parkland would
you rather have me or team at k7 I'm
sorry partner but I have 250 in that
case of hate or TS football from TS
football gets the call
good evening you are I had to say tape
on that one this season who do you think
is there Messier and older but I'm a see
a really good season over an elder one
more trophy though I favor and although
this season because you won more
trophies but nothing played really well
too
don't pay me I love with Willie clap
more with chronic X days yes I will do
you think is a big difference between
official match balls and replicas there
is obviously a difference because one
cost
punjah sniffing the other cost like 30
but in reality I think official match
balls are just like better for curving
the ball and all like that I don't know
why I said all like that but like
they're better would have a better touch
I have you ever gotten a red card nope I
haven't won the red card
are you a good youtuber parenthesis I
think so Thank You Frankie jr. I'm not a
good super what is your favorite skill
to use in game nutmeg all day
who do you think is the best young
player in the world with lots of
potential right now PS keep up the good
work I think I'm the best young player
with potential right now thank you for
the questions I'm just kidding
probably this is a lot of really good
young players out
but I don't know and bappa doing really
well right now and he's like all the
club's wanted right now so I'll just go
ahead love it
exactly pronounce that my name is Sharad
for none would you rather play for
Manchester United did not get playing
time or playing the MLS and get playing
of course it would be awesome to play
for Manchester United because they're my
favourite club but there's no point of
playing for them if you're never going
to play so I probably rather my never
would you rather play with your favorite
team and not win much or play a lot play
with a different theme and not win a lot
I love to play comanches me neither but
if we're not winning a lot I'd rather
play Real Madrid and win the Champions
League you know you didn't say which
team I had to play for so how did you
get to where you are right now
keep it up great job Thank You Franco
three I'm not really sure what you're
asking though how did you get to where
you are right now like Olga I'm going on
YouTube Clickbank yeah there you go what
are your future goals in life as an
adult by the way I love you I love you
too on agony my future goals in life are
probably either like be big on social
media and live off that and enjoy my
life travel the world all that it
doesn't work out I probably just try to
get another job and enjoy my life with
friends and family
you played club soccer I do play clubs
locker with squad akhirat check out his
video if you want to check out some
highlights with me how long have you
done you two a long time ago just back
back in the pack I had a gentle called
piece of gamer growth and you guys are
from there you guys are
oh gee I love you guys if you're not I
hate you why you can watch it anyway
how long have you done you I started
YouTube on Steve your game of roads I
think I was 2011 I'm not sure actually
and then I changed the channel to
freakin central and then not sketchy for
and yeah it's been a while since then
it's been a good journey
other than Man United's what's your
favorite team and husband it's go who's
the bigger player other than Manchester
United I'm say my favorite team computer
Arsenal or Real Madrid very mature
because the Disco Arsenal I just like
them I don't know why because maybe four
kids before and it's so we also get my
favorite player why am I thinking it's
name off obviously so while I was
editing this video I was like Cott you
name answer the most important question
in the video are you sponsored by adidas
or Sokka calm I'm not even sure myself
or some sponsored by DHS Ofcom they sent
me like free stuff every like three
months I'd say and tell me to promote it
on my Instagram but besides that don't
make me wear a deep every day of the
week you know like a regular sponsor
does but anyways let me know what you
think answer this polar here am i
sponsored by them I don't even know let
me know yeah let's get back to the qunit
so that's all the questions for the
video if you guys did enjoy make sure to
drop a like if we hit 150 likes
I know that's asking a lot I can barely
get a bunch of micro nowadays if we're
you 250 like I'm going to be doing a
giveaway on the channel I know you guys
want one so if you hit 150 like tell
your mom tell your dog tell your dad
tell everyone it's not like what today
if we do is a giveaway yeah okay let me
end up intro do you guys didn't do I
said it's already but if you did enjoy
it hit the like button hit it right now
you want that giveaway I want it I don't
wanted to I don't want to
subscribe if you haven't already because
I'm desperate for subscribers I need
them I need to use my views have been
horrible recently but anyways I'll see
you guys in two days because I'm
uploading every other day this summer
there are some video ideas in the
comments or give me some more questions
so I can have another Q&A for another
video for ya anyways you guys are tired
I'll see you guys in few days hopefully
I have another video bye this water
bottle flips and xunit
[Music]